Initial Feedback (#1)
uniswapfoundation/v4-doc-drafts: protocol-concepts/Hooks.md

# Hooks

## Overview

Uniswap V4 introduces a powerful and flexible hook system that allows developers to customize and extend the behavior of liquidity pools. Hooks are external smart contracts that can be attached to individual pools to intercept and modify the execution flow at specific points during pool-related actions.

## Key Concepts

> ### Pool-Specific Hooks

Reviewer: add something that indicates that a Pool has only 1 hook contract. however, a hook contract can service multiple pairs

> - Each liquidity pool in Uniswap V4 has its own hook contract attached to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each liquidity pool in Uniswap V4 can have its own hook contract attached to it.
```

(we want to imply that a pool can be hookless)

- The hook contract is specified when creating a new pool in the `PoolManager.initialize` function.
- Having pool-specific hooks allows for fine-grained control and customization of individual pools.

### Hook Functions

- Hooks provide a set of predefined functions that can be implemented by developers to customize pool behavior.
- These functions are called by the `PoolManager` at specific stages during the execution of pool-related actions.

> - Developers can implement custom logic, perform additional checks, or modify parameters within these hook functions.

Reviewer: we should mention that hook contracts can mix and match / pick individual hook functions. Hook contracts are not limited to one hook and a hook contract does not have to implement all functions

### Hook Permissions

- Hook contracts specify the permissions that determine which hook functions they implement.
- Permissions are defined using the `Hooks.Permissions` struct, where each permission corresponds to a specific hook function.

> - The `PoolManager` uses these permissions to determine which hook functions to call for a given pool.

Reviewer: worth mentioning that Pool's permissions are encoded in the address of the hook contract

## Core Hook Functions

Uniswap V4 provides a set of core hook functions that can be implemented by developers:

### Initialize Hooks

- `beforeInitialize`: Called before a new pool is initialized.
- `afterInitialize`: Called after a new pool is initialized.

> - These hooks allow developers to perform custom actions or validations during pool initialization.

Reviewer: because pools are initialized once, the initialization-hook-functions are invoked once

### Liquidity Modification Hooks

- `beforeAddLiquidity`: Called before liquidity is added to a pool.
- `afterAddLiquidity`: Called after liquidity is added to a pool.
- `beforeRemoveLiquidity`: Called before liquidity is removed from a pool.
- `afterRemoveLiquidity`: Called after liquidity is removed from a pool.

> - These hooks enable customization of liquidity management, such as [insert examples]

Reviewer: mention that liquidity hooks are granular for security purposes
